The Humorous Story an American Development.— Its 
Difference from Comic and Witty Stories. 

DO not claim that I can tell a story as it ought to 
be told. I only claim to know how a story 
ought to be told, for I have been almost daily in the 
company of the most expert story-tellers for many 
years. 

There are several kinds of stories, but only one 
difficult kind —the humorous. I will talk mainly 
about that one. The humorous story is American, 
the comic story is English, the witty story is French. 
The humorous story depends for its effect upon the 
manner of the telling; the comic story and the witty 
story upon the matter. 

The humorous story may be spun out to great 
length, and may wander around as much as it 
pleases, and arrive nowhere in particular; but the 
comic and witty stories must be brief and end with 
a point. The humorous story bubbles gently along, 
the others burst. 

The humorous story is strictly a work of art — 
high and delicate art — and only an artist can tell it;
but no art is necessary in telling the comic and the 
witty story; anybody can do it. The art of telling 
a humorous story — understand, I mean by word of 
mouth, not print — was created in America, and 
has remained at home. 

The humorous story is told gravely; the teller 
does his best to conceal the fact that he even dimly 
suspects that there is anything funny about it; but 
the teller of the comic story tells you beforehand 
that it is one of the funniest things he has ever 
heard, then tells it with eager delight, and is the 
first person to laugh when he gets through. And 
sometimes, if he has had good success, he is so glad 
and happy that he will repeat the ‘‘ nub’’ of it and 
slance around from face to face, collecting applause, 
and then repeat it again. It is a pathetic thing to 
see. 

Very often, of course, the rambling and disjointed 
humorous story finishes with a nub, point, snapper, 
or whatever you like to call it. Then the listener 
must be alert, for in many cases the teller will divert 
attention from that nub by dropping it in a carefully. 
casual and indifferent way, with the pretence that he 
does not know it is a nub. 

Artemus Ward used that trick a good deal; then 
when the belated audience presently caught the joke 
he would look up with innocent surprise, as if 
wondering what they had found to laugh at. Dan 
Setchell used it before him, Nye and Riley and 
others use it to-day. 

But the teller of the comic story does not slur 
the nub; he shouts it at you—every time. And 
when he prints it, in England, France, Germany, 
and Italy, he italicizes it, puts some whooping 
exclamation-points after it, and sometimes explains 
it in a parenthesis. All of which is very depressing, 
and makes one want to renounce joking and lead a 
better life. 

- Mark Twain