Zelle® Service Agreement and Privacy
Notice
Last updated: 11/3/2022
This agreement with Chase is available in Spanish as a courtesy. If there is any difference in
meaning between the Spanish and English versions of this agreement or any related
documents we provide you, either now or in the future, the English version is the official
document and will prevail. Please consult with a translator if you have any questions.
We suggest you read this document carefully and print a copy for your reference.
This Zelle® Service Agreement and Privacy Notice (this "Agreement") states the terms and
conditions that govern your use of the Zelle® Service (sometimes referred to as Chase
QuickPay®, Chase QuickPay® with Zelle®, QuickPay, Send Money with Zelle®, Chase Personto-Person, QuickPay, Chase QuickPay for Small Business, Zelle, Zelle, or other trade name or
trademark as determined by us) and J.P. Morgan QuickPay (each, the " Zelle® Service", “Zelle
Service” or "Service"). As used herein, the terms "Bank", "us," "we," or "our" mean JPMorgan
Chase Bank, National Association, or any affiliate, agent, independent contractor, designee, or
assignee that we may, at our sole discretion, involve in the provision of the Service; "you" or
"your" means (1) an individual or entity that is the owner of an account or (2) an authorized
signer on an account who has authority to view account information and effect transactions
on such account.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. General Terms Applicable to the Service
2. Eligibility and User Profile
3. Registering/Enrolling for the Service
4. Definitions
5. Statements
6. Wireless Operator Data
7. Disclosure of Account Information to Third Parties
8. Mobile & Text Services; Consent to Emails and Automated Text Messages
9. Cancellation of Your Service
10. Cutoff Times
11. Receiving Money
12. Requesting Money
13. Sending Money
14. Transfer Limits
15. Repeating Transfers
16. Terms applicable to your use of Zelle platforms
17. Zelle Fees
18. Your Liability for Unauthorized Transfers
19. Our Liability for Failure to Complete Transfers: For Consumer Deposit Accounts and Chase
Liquid Cards Only
20. Errors and Questions about Service: For Transfers From Consumer Deposit Accounts and
Chase Liquid Cards Only
21. No Purchase Protection
22. ADDITIONAL TERMS APPLICABLE ONLY TO THE Service FOR BUSINESS ACCOUNTS
Zelle Liability for Unauthorized Transfers for Chase Business Deposit Accounts Only
Errors and Questions about Services for Chase Business Deposit Accounts Only
Miscellaneous Terms for Business Accounts
23. ADDITIONAL TERMS APPLICABLE TO ALL USERS OF THE SERVICE
Computer Equipment; Browser Access and Internet Services
Passwords
Notices
New Features
Limitation of Liability; No Warranties
Other Agreements
Termination
Disputes
Binding Arbitration
Indemnity
Records; Communications
Special Provisions for Business Customers
Choice of Law/Successors; Waiver; Severability
Chase Account Information
Privacy Policy and Notice
1. General Terms Applicable to the Service
We have partnered with Zelle to enable transfers of money between you and others who are
enrolled directly with Zelle or enrolled with another financial institution that partners with
Zelle (each, a “User”) using aliases, such as email addresses or mobile phone numbers.
When you use or access, or permit any other person(s) or entity to whom you have delegated
to act on your behalf to use or access the Service, you agree to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement. We may amend or change this Agreement (including any applicable fees and
service charges) from time to time, in our sole discretion, by sending you written notice by
electronic mail, postal mail or by posting the updated terms on the sites within the Service
(the "Site(s)"). Please access and review this Agreement regularly. If you find the Agreement
unacceptable to you at any time, please discontinue your use of the Service. Your use of the
Service after we have made such changes available will be considered your agreement to the
change.
We grant to you, for your personal use or, if you are a business, internal business purposes
only, a nonexclusive, limited and revocable right to access and use the Service. You agree not
to use the Service for any other purpose, including commercial purposes, such as cobranding, framing, linking, or reselling any portion of the Service without our prior written
consent.
Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Services are generally available 24 hours a day,
seven days a week with the exception of outages for maintenance and circumstances beyond
our or Zelle's control.  
2. Eligibility and User Profile
In order to register in the Service to request, send or receive money, you must have one
or more eligible accounts to designate a Pay From Account and/or a Pay To Account, as
applicable. If the existing default Pay From Account or Pay To Account you designated is
inactive or terminated, we may, and you hereby authorize us to, designate on your
behalf another eligible and active Chase Account in your profile as your primary Pay
From Account or Pay To Account. You may change the designated accounts at any time
subject to the terms of this Agreement. We have the right to determine eligibility and to
restrict categories of recipients to whom payments may be made using the Service in
our sole discretion. To use the Service to make a transfer between (i) two registered
Zelle accounts; (ii) a Chase Account and a Network Bank Account (as defined below), or
(iii) a Chase Account and an Out-of-Network Bank Account (as defined below).
a. 
You represent that you are a U.S. resident (not including U.S. territories) and you have
the authority to authorize debits from and credits to the registered bank account(s).You
agree that you will only use the Service for lawful purposes. You agree that you will not
use the Service for International ACH Transactions, which are prohibited under this
Agreement. You further agree not to use the Service to request, send or receive money
from anyone to whom you are obligated for tax payments, payments made pursuant to
court orders (including court-ordered amounts for alimony or child support), fines,
payments to loan sharks, gambling debts or payments otherwise prohibited by law, and
you agree that you will not use the Service to request money from anyone for any such
payments. You agree that you will not authorize a third party to use the Service or share
your credentials with a third party to use the Service on your behalf except in legally
authorized situations such as legal guardianship or pursuant to a power of attorney.
b. 
Zelle Content Standards: You agree that you will not upload or provide content or
otherwise post, transmit, distribute, or disseminate through the Service (including but
not limited to memo fields accompanying a transfer) any material that: (a) is false,
misleading, unlawful, obscene, indecent, lewd, pornographic, defamatory, libelous,
threatening, harassing, hateful, abusive, or inflammatory; (b) encourages conduct that
would be considered a criminal offense or gives rise to civil liability; (c) breaches or
infringes any duty toward or rights of any person or entity, including rights of publicity,
privacy or intellectual property; (d) contains corrupted data or any other harmful,
disruptive, or destructive files; (e) advertises products or services competitive with Zelle,
as determined by Zelle in its sole discretion; or (f) in Zelle’s or our sole judgment, is
objectionable, restricts or inhibits any person or entity from using or enjoying any
portion of the Service, or which may expose us, Zelle or our respective affiliates or
customers to harm or liability of any nature.
c. 
Although neither we nor Zelle have any obligation to monitor any Content, both we and
Zelle have absolute discretion to remove Content at any time and for any reason
without notice. We and Zelle may also monitor such Content to detect and prevent
fraudulent activity or violations of the terms and conditions. You understand that by
d. 
using the Service, you may be exposed to Content that is offensive, indecent, or
objectionable. We and Zelle are not responsible for, and assume no liability, for any
Content, including any loss or damage to any of your Content. We and Zelle make no
representation or warranty that Content uploaded to a User profile accurately identifies
a particular User of the Service.
3. Registering/Enrolling for the Service
You must provide us with an email address that you regularly use and intend to use
regularly (i.e., no disposable email addresses) and a permanent U.S. mobile phone
number that you intend to use for an extended period of time (i.e., no "burner"
numbers), and must immediately update any registered email address or mobile phone
number that you surrender or no longer use. You may not register or enroll with a
home phone or “landline” phone number, Google Voice number, or Voice over Internet
Protocol phone number.
a. 
To send, request and/or receive money, the User must (i) be registered with (a) the
Service or (b) the person-to-person payment service of clearXchange, Zelle or a Network
Bank, and (ii) have an eligible Pay To Account or Pay From Account, and in the case of
transfers between you and another User at Chase, eligible Pay To and Pay From
Accounts that are Chase Accounts.
b. 
 Once registered/enrolled, you may:
authorize a debit of your account to send money to another User at your initiation
or at the request of that User; and
i. 
receive money from another User at that User's initiation or at your request,
subject to the conditions of the Section below titled "Requesting Money."
ii. 
c. 
If at any time while you are enrolled, you do not send or receive money using the
Service for a period of 18 consecutive months, we may contact you and/or take other
steps to confirm that the U.S. mobile phone number or email address that you enrolled
still belongs to you.  If we are unable to confirm that you are the owner of the mobile
phone number or email address, then you understand that we may cancel your
enrollment and you will not be able to send or receive money with the Service until you
enroll again.
d. 
Once enrolled, a Z logo will appear on your profile picture for each U.S. mobile number
and/or email address that you have enrolled with Zelle. The Z logo will be displayed to
other Users to aid them in determining which of your U.S. mobile numbers or email
addresses should be used to send money to you with Zelle.  If a User sends you money
using a different U.S. mobile number or email address that they may have for you (one
that is registered to you with the e-mail or mobile phone provider, but is not already
enrolled with Zelle), you will receive a message with instructions on how to enroll with
Zelle.
e. 
4. Definitions
As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the following meanings:
"Accept(s)" or "acceptance" means the recipient's consent to receive the funds or
transfers, which could be provided through various ways, including by the recipient, by
cXc or Zelle in the case of certain Out-of-Network Bank Accounts, or by the financial
institution holding that account on recipient's behalf, either manually or through an
automated process. For those financial institutions that accept payments on behalf of
their accountholders, including us, the date of acceptance as used in this Agreement
typically has the same meaning as the Send On date.
•
• "Business Day" refers to Monday through Friday, excluding federal holidays.
• "Cancelled" means funds will neither be processed nor sent for any reason.
"Chase Account" means a checking account held by us, or a reloadable, prepaid account
established under the Chase Liquid® Card program (“Chase Liquid Card”) or other
eligible Chase card or account as determined by us from time to time and registered for
the Service.
•
"clearXchange" or “cXc” refers to refers to a digital payments network and company that
arranges electronic money transfers, using email addresses and mobile phone
numbers.
•
"clearXchange platform" means the website, clearXchange.com, operated and made
available by cXc at its sole discretion, solely to those Users who bank with an Out-ofNetwork Bank.
•
"Completed" means funds have been successfully processed and both Pay To and Pay
From Accounts have been updated. It does not mean funds have necessarily been
received into the Pay To Account.
•
"Current Day" refers to funds from a Chase Account that are scheduled to be sent with a
present day Send On date (i.e., the transfer is scheduled to begin processing the same
date as the Instructions are entered).
•
"Cutoff Time" means the time by which we must receive Instructions to have them
considered entered on that particular Business Day. See the paragraph entitled "Cutoff
Times" for additional details.
•
"Funded" means when an amount to be sent has been withdrawn from the available
balance of the Pay From Account.
•
"Future Dated" means Instructions that are not scheduled to begin processing on the
Current Day; only Business Days may be selected for Future Dated transfers.
•
"In Process" means the funds requested for transfer are in transit but have not yet been
credited to the Pay To Account.
•
"Instructions" means the information provided by you or the sender in order for the
funds to be delivered to the Pay To Account.
•
"Out-of-Network Bank" means any financial institution that does not participate in the
clearXchange or Zelle digital payments network.
•
"Out-of-Network Bank Account" means a deposit account held by an Out-of-Network
Bank and registered for clearXchange's or Zelle's out-of-network person-to-person
payment service.
•
"Network Bank" means a financial institution participating from time to time in the
clearXchange or Zelle digital payments network, other than Chase.
•
"Network Bank Account" means an account registered with the person-to-person
transfer service of a Network Bank.
•
• "Pay From Account" means the account from which funds will be transferred.
• "Pay To Account" means the account to which funds will be transferred.
"Pending" means any Instruction that has not been Cancelled before the Cutoff Time on
the Send On date and has not been Funded.
•
"Repeating" means automatic recurring payment or transfer to the same Pay To
Account, for the same amount which you can authorize for transmission;
•
"Send On date" means the date you select which will instruct us to begin the delivery
process and notify the recipient of the payment. NOTE: The date that we will deliver the
funds to recipient may vary depending on available funds, the Business Day on which it
falls, acceptance of the transfer or the recipient's registration status in the Service or the
person-to-person transfer service of a Network Bank, Zelle or cXc and may be on or
after the date entered in the sender's Instructions.
•
"transfer" means any Instruction to move funds electronically from one account to
another, and/or Instructions that have been processed through the Service, as the
context requires.
•
• "User" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.
"Zelle" or “Zelle®" refers to a service of Early Warning Services, a digital payments
network and company. It provides no deposit account or other financial services. Zelle
neither transfers nor moves money. Users may not establish a financial account with
Zelle of any kind. All money will be transmitted by us and/or a Network Bank.
•
"Zelle platforms" means the website, zellepay.com, and/or the Zelle mobile application
operated and made available by Zelle to certain Users as determined by Zelle from time
to time, including those who bank with an Out-of-Network Bank.
•
5. Statements
All of your transfers made through the Service to or from a Chase Account will appear on the
Chase statement for such account.  
6. Wireless Operator Data 
We or Zelle may use information on file with your wireless operator to further verify your
identity and to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized use of the
Service. By using the Service, you authorize your wireless operator (AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile, US
Cellular, Verizon, or any other branded wireless operator) to use or disclose information
related to your wireless subscriber account (such as your mobile number, name, address,
email, network status, customer type, mobile device identifiers (e.g. IMSI and IMEI) and other
device and subscriber status and device details, if available, to us or our service providers,
which we may use for the duration of your business relationship with us, solely to allow
verification of your identity, to compare information you have provided to us or to Zelle®
with your wireless operator account profile information, and for other user, token or
transaction verifications to help prevent scams and fraud. See Zelle’s Privacy Policy for how it
treats your data. See Privacy Policy and Notice for how we treat your data.
7. Disclosure of Account Information to Third Parties
We may disclose information to third parties about your account or the funds you send or
receive:
1. as necessary to complete transactions;
2. as necessary in connection with offering the Service;
in connection with the investigation of any claim related to your account or the funds
you send or receive;
3. 
4. to comply with government agency or court orders;
5. in accordance with your written permission; and
6. as otherwise permitted by the terms of our privacy notice.
Our Chase privacy notice, which includes details about our information sharing practices and
your right to opt-out of certain information sharing, was provided to you when you opened
your Chase Account with us. It can be viewed by clicking on the "Security" link, then "Privacy"
on any of our website pages.  
8. Mobile & Text Services; Consent to Emails and
Automated Text Messages
By participating as a User, you represent that you are the owner of the email address, mobile
phone number, and/or other alias you registered, or that you have the delegated legal
authority to act on behalf of the owner of such email address, mobile phone number and/or
other alias to send or receive money as described in this Agreement. You consent to the
receipt of emails or text messages from us, from Zelle, from other Users that are sending you
money or requesting money from you, and from other Network Banks or their agents
regarding the Services or related transfers between Network Banks, Out-of-Network Banks
and you. You agree that we may, Zelle may or either of our agents may use automatic
telephone dialing systems in connection with text messages sent to any mobile phone
number you register.
Mobile Services
Your use of the Service may include access to some products and services through
a mobile device, web-browser or a mobile app ("Mobile Services"). By using the
Mobile Services, you agree to the following terms. You agree that we may send you
information relative to Mobile Services through your communication service
provider in order to deliver them to you and that your communication service
provider is acting as your agent in this capacity. You agree to provide a valid phone
number, e-mail address or other delivery location so that we may send you certain
information about your applicable account or otherwise related to the Mobile
Services. You will immediately notify us if any phone number you have registered
is (i) surrendered by you, or (ii) changed by you.
i. 
Additionally, you agree to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from and
against any and all claims, losses, liability, cost and expenses (including reasonable
attorneys' fees) arising from your provision, whether directly or indirectly (such as
through our use, to the extent agreed to by you from time to time, of any tool or
technology) of a phone number, e-mail address, information and photographs
ii. 
a. 
associated with recipients contained in your mobile device Contacts, or other
delivery location that is not your own, or your violation of applicable federal, state
or local law, regulation or ordinance. Your obligation under this paragraph shall
survive termination of the Agreement.
You understand and agree that these services may not be encrypted and may
include personal or confidential information about you such as your account
activity or status. Delivery and receipt of information, including instructions for
payment, transfer and other move money transactions, through the Mobile
Services may be delayed or impacted by factor(s) pertaining to your Internet
service provider(s), phone carriers, other parties, or because of other reasons
outside of our control. We will not be liable for losses or damages arising from any
disclosure of account information to third parties, non-delivery, delayed delivery,
misdirected delivery or mishandling of, or inaccurate content in, information and
instructions sent through the Mobile Services. Additionally, not all of the products,
services or functionality described on the Site(s) and the Agreement are available
when you use the Mobile Services. Therefore, you may not be eligible to use all the
products, services or functionality described when you access or try to access
them using a mobile device. We reserve the right to determine your eligibility for
any product, service, or functionality. Information available via the Mobile Services,
including balance, transfer and payment information, may differ from the
information that is available directly through the Chase online services and Site(s)
without the use of a mobile device. Information available directly through the
Chase online services and Site(s) without the use of a mobile device may not be
available via the Mobile Services, may be described using different terminology
(including capitalized terms used in the Agreement or on our Site(s), or may be
more current than the information available via the Mobile Services, including but
not limited to account balance information. The method of entering instructions
via the Mobile Services may also differ from the method of entering instructions
directly through the Service without the use of a mobile device. Processing of
payment and transfer instructions may take longer through the Mobile Services.
We are not responsible for such differences, whether or not attributable to your
use of the Mobile Services. Additionally, you agree that neither we nor our service
providers will be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions
taken in reliance thereon. You are responsible for any and all charges, including,
but not limited to, fees associated with text messaging, data, or other message
services imposed by your communications service provider, including, without
limitation, for short message service. We are not responsible for any damages
resulting from your failure to comply with any terms and conditions provided by
your communication service provider or any app store.
iii. 
We, or our licensors, own all right, title and interest, including, without limitation,
all intellectual property rights (including all names, trade names, trademarks,
service marks, slogans, logos or other indicia) in and to the Service (including the
products and services accessed through the Mobile Services). No license or other
right in or to such products and services is granted to you except for the rights
specifically set forth in this Agreement.
iv. 
b. Text Services
Your enrollment in the Service includes access to mobile text messaging related
services (collectively, "Text Services"). By receiving or otherwise using these
services, you agree to the following terms for these services. You agree that we
may send messages through your communication service provider in order to
deliver them to you and that your communication services provider is acting as
your agent in this capacity. We may use a telephone number, e-mail address or
other delivery location we have in our records for you or other such contact
information as you may provide to us for these services so that we may send you
certain information about your applicable account. You will immediately notify us if
any mobile phone number or email address you have registered is (i) surrendered
by you, or (ii) changed by you.
i. 
In the case of any messages that you may send through either us or Zelle or that
we may send or Zelle may send on your behalf to an email address or mobile
phone number, you represent that you have obtained the consent of the recipient
of such emails or automated text messages to send such emails or text messages
to the recipient. You understand and agree that any emails or text messages that
we send or that Zelle sends on your behalf may include your name. Additionally,
you agree to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from and against any and all
claims, losses, liability, cost and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees)
arising from your provision of a phone number, e-mail address, or other delivery
location that is not your own or your violation of applicable federal, state or local
law, regulation or ordinance. Your obligation under this paragraph shall survive
termination of the Agreement.
ii. 
You understand and agree these services may not be encrypted and may include
personal or confidential information about you such as your account activity or the
status of your account. Messages may be delayed or impacted by factor(s)
pertaining to your phone carriers or other parties. We will not be liable for losses
or damages arising from any disclosure of account information to third parties,
non-delivery, delayed delivery, misdirected delivery or mishandling of, or
inaccurate content in, the messages sent through the Text Services.
iii. 
 There is no service fee for the Text Services but you are responsible for any and all
charges, including, but not limited to, fees associated with text messaging imposed
by your communications service provider. Message and data rates may apply.
Such charges include those from your communications service provider.
Message frequency depends on user preferences. To cancel the Text Services,
send STOP to 24273 at any time (J.P. Morgan Online clients only, send STOP to
576746). You expressly consent to receipt of a text message to confirm your
"STOP" request. For help or information on the Text Services, send HELP to
24273. For additional assistance with the Text Services, contact customer service at
1-877-242-7372 (J.P. Morgan Online clients only call 1-866-265-1727).
iv. 
9. Cancellation of Your Service
You may cancel the Service by calling 1-877-CHASEPC (1-877-242-7372) or online. By canceling
the Service, any Pending, Repeating and Future Dated transfers, will also be terminated,
however any transfer that is In Process cannot be Cancelled by you. When you cancel the
Service, you will no longer be able to access or use the Service and you will not receive a
refund of service fees, if any. When you cancel the Service, it will not cancel your other online
services or your account relationships, if any, with us.  
10. Cutoff Times
Between Chase Accounts: The Cutoff Time for sending payments in order for recipients to
receive money on the same day is 11:00 PM Eastern Time on any Business Day.
Between a Chase Account and an Out-of-Network Bank Account or a Network Bank Account:
The Cutoff Time for receiving payments from an Out-of-Network Bank Account or a Network
Bank Account is 11:00 PM Eastern Time on any Business Day. The Cutoff Time for sending
payments to an Out-of-Network Bank Account or a Network Bank Account is 8:00 PM Eastern
Time on any Business Day.
All Cutoff Times referenced in this Agreement reflect the times displayed on our internal
system clocks and may not necessarily be synchronized with the internal clock displayed on
your computer or mobile device. For this reason, we suggest that you transmit any
Instructions to us sufficiently in advance of such Cutoff Times to eliminate the possibility of
missing the cutoff. Instructions entered after the Cutoff Time with a Send On date that is the
Current Day or next Business Day may start to process immediately and may be Funded prior
to the Send On date.  
11. Receiving Money
You authorize us to accept, on your behalf, all payments sent to you through the
Service. Once a Zelle user initiates a transfer of money to your email address or mobile
phone number registered with the Service, you have no ability to stop or cancel the
transfer. By using the Service, you agree and authorize us to initiate credit entries to the
primary or default account you have registered for the Service. For avoidance of doubt,
payments sent to you will be Cancelled if you have not designated any Chase Account as
the primary or default account for the Service. To avoid this cancellation, if the existing
primary or default account you designated is inactive or terminated, we may, and you
hereby authorize us to, designate on your behalf another eligible and active Chase
Account in your profile as your primary or default account to receive payments sent to
you through the Service.
a. 
If you are receiving a payment from a business or government agency, your payment
will be delivered in accordance with both this Agreement and the procedures of the
business or government agency that is sending you the payment
b. 
Notwithstanding anything set forth in this Agreement, processing times vary depending
on registration and information provided by the sender and recipient. We will
automatically begin the delivery process and send notice of a transfer to the recipient
on the Send On date. We will continue our attempts by sending a second notice of a
transfer to the recipient, and providing the recipient a period of nine (9) succeeding
Business Days to register in the Service, or the person-to-person payment service of
c. 
clearXchange, Zelle or a Network Bank. At the end of this period, if the recipient still has
not registered, the transfer request will be Cancelled. The sender may cancel the
transfer at any time during this ten (10) day period if the recipient is not registered at
the time of cancellation. During this period, a hold may be placed on the sender's
account for the amount of the transfer. Once the recipient has successfully enrolled,
transfers will automatically be debited from the sender's account and deposited in the
recipient's account.
The recipient may not initiate a transfer of funds from a third party's Pay From Account
to the recipient's Pay To Account. You may however send an e-mail via the Service to
request money from a third party if you have a valid e-mail address for such third party.
d. 
As a recipient or sender of any transfer using the Service, you acknowledge and agree
that, we may delay, block or cancel a payment, charge back and/or put a hold on the
amount of such payment to or from the Pay From Account or other account as we
determine in our discretion or claim a refund from you for such amount for various
reasons including fraud, scams, suspicious or illegal activity, duplicate payment,
incorrect amount or incorrect recipient or otherwise to meet our regulatory obligations.
The hold on the amount of such payment may be up to ten (10) days. For example, we
may need additional time to verify your identity or the identity of the person sending
the money, or the payment may be delayed due to technical difficulties or
circumstances beyond our control. If we delay or block a payment that you have
initiated, we will notify you.  Neither we nor Zelle shall have liability to you for any such
transfers of money, including without limitation, (i) any failure, through no fault of us or
Zelle to complete a transaction in the correct amount, or (ii) any related losses or
damages.
e. 
12. Requesting Money
You may also send a text message via the Service to request money from a recipient
holding an Out-of-Network Bank Account or an account at a Network Bank, if you have a
valid mobile phone number for such recipient and the Network Bank or Zelle sends text
messages at that mobile phone number to the recipient. If a request for transfer is
subsequently cancelled by the requestor, and the sender has initiated a transfer tied to
that request, the transfer will be Cancelled unless it is a Current Day transfer, the
transfer is already accepted, or it is after the Cutoff Time on the Send On date.
a. 
You may request money from an individual or a group of individuals (up to a maximum
number as determined by us from time to time) registered with clearXchange, Zelle or a
Network Bank. You understand and acknowledge that individuals to whom you send
payment requests may reject or ignore your request.  We do not guarantee that you will
receive money from other individuals by sending a payment request or that you’ll
receive the requested amount.  If an individual ignores your request, we may decide, in
our sole discretion, that we will not send a reminder or repeat request to that individual.
We have the right to expire all pending payment requests sent by you after a period of
time determined by us from time to time, which is currently set at 14 days from the
Send On date.
b. 
By accepting this Agreement, you agree that you will not use the Service to request
money for the payment or collection of an overdue or delinquent debt; to request
c. 
money that is owed to another person; or to collect any amounts that are owed
pursuant to a court order.  You agree to indemnify and hold us, Zelle and our respective
officers, directors, employees and agents harmless from and against any loss, damage,
liability, cost or expense of any kind (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys'
fees), resulting from or arising out of any request for money that you send that is
related to overdue or delinquent amounts.
By using the Service, you agree to receive money requests from others, and to only send
requests for legitimate and lawful purposes. Requests for money are solely between the
sender and recipient and are not reviewed or verified by us. We do not assume
responsibility for the accuracy or legality of such requests and do not act as a debt
collector on your behalf or on behalf of the sender of a request for money.
d. 
We reserve the right, but assume no obligation, to terminate your ability to send
requests for money in general, or to specific recipients, if we deem such requests to be
potentially unlawful, abusive, offensive or unwelcome by the recipient.
e. 
13. Sending Money
You may send money to a recipient at your initiation or in response to that recipient's request
for money. You understand that use of this Service by you shall at all times be subject to (i)
this Agreement, and (ii) your express authorization at the time of the transaction for us to
initiate a debit entry to your bank account. You understand that when you send the payment,
you will have no ability to stop or cancel it. The sender must be registered with (i) the Service
with an eligible Pay From Account or (ii) the person-to-person payment service of
clearXchange, Zelle or a Network Bank, and provide a valid e-mail address or mobile phone
number for the recipient. Funds will not be withdrawn from the Pay From Account until the
transfer has been accepted.
You acknowledge and agree that payment transfers will be completed using only the email
address or mobile phone number you enter even if it identifies a person different from your
intended recipient. The name you enter will help you identify your intended recipient in the
drop down menu and your transaction history but will not be used to process payments.
Please make sure you accurately enter the recipient's email address or mobile phone number
and ensure that their email address or mobile phone number is current and registered by the
recipient since your obligation to pay for the transfer will not be excused by an error in the
information you enter.
You also acknowledge and agree that we can: (1) use and add any person or entity (and their
associated information) with whom you have transacted through the Service to your list of
Zelle recipients; and (2) access, use and add any person or entity from your contacts
contained on your device (subject to your consent) for the purposes of updating your list of
Zelle recipients, verifying their Zelle enrollment status, and displaying of a Z logo (or
substantially similar indicia) for each such mobile number or email address of those contacts
that are enrolled. You may add, edit and/or remove any recipients at any time.
Sending Money Between Chase Accounts
To use the Service to send money between two Chase Accounts, the sender and the
1. 
recipient must each maintain a Chase Account. You may transfer funds - up to your
available balance plus any amount in your overdraft protection account, if applicable.
Transfers between Chase Accounts: If you use the Service to send money, you authorize
us to withdraw funds from your designated Pay From Account for all transfers of funds
that you initiate through the Service and you also agree to have sufficient funds in your
Pay From Account on the Send On date for each such transfer you schedule until the
transfer is Completed or Cancelled, subject to Section 10(e). We will not be obligated to
make any transfer you may request unless there are sufficient available funds in the Pay
From Account to cover the transfer. Transfers from Chase Accounts will be Funded from
your Pay From Account on the date of acceptance.
For transfers between Chase Accounts, funds should typically be available within
minutes, but no later than the next Business Day if the transfer is sent before the Cutoff
Time.
Current Day transfers between Chase Accounts: Any transfer Instruction for a requested
Current Day transfer received by us after the Cutoff Time or on non-Business Days will
not be a Current Day transfer and will be processed the following Business Day. If there
are insufficient available funds to cover a Current Day transfer, the transfer request will
fail and we will not make repeat attempts to debit the applicable account.
Repeating and Future Dated transfers between Chase Accounts: In the case of
Repeating and Future Dated transfers, if sufficient funds are not in the Pay From
Account on the Send On date, the transfer will fail and we will not make repeat attempts
to debit the applicable account.
Sending Money Between Chase Accounts and Out-of-Network Bank Accounts
To use the Service to send and receive money between a Chase Account and an Out-ofNetwork Bank Account, the parties must use at least one eligible Chase Account with us
and at least one Out-of-Network Bank Account. To send money from a Chase Account,
you may transfer funds - up to your available balance plus any amount in your overdraft
protection account, if applicable.
Transfers between a Chase Account and an Out-of-Network Bank Account: You
authorize us to charge your designated Pay From Account with us for all transfers of
funds that you initiate through the Service and you also agree to have sufficient funds in
your Pay From Account on the Send On date to cover each such transfer you schedule
and any fees that might be associated with such transfer until the transfer is Completed
or Cancelled, subject to Section 10(e). We will not be obligated to make any transfer you
may request unless there are sufficient available funds (including any available
overdraft protection account you may have) in your Pay From Account to cover the
transfer on the Send On date until the transfer is Completed or Cancelled. If there are
insufficient available funds to cover a transfer on the date of acceptance, the transfer
will fail and we will not make repeat attempts to debit the applicable account.
Instructions for transfers to an Out-of-Network Bank Account will be deducted from the
2. 
Pay From Account held by us following acceptance. Transfers from Out-of-Network
Bank Accounts are subject to the processing times of the Out-of-Network Bank Account.
Instructions for transfers from the Out-of-Network Bank Accounts that we receive by
the Cutoff Time on a Business Day will be sent to the Out-of-Network Bank Account on
the same day for processing.
Transfers to an Out-of-Network User through clearXchange.com:
For transfers from a Chase Account to an Out-of-Network Bank Account through
use of the clearXChange.com, the transfer should typically be completed one to
two Business Days after the Business Day following acceptance, subject to the
processing times of the Out-of-Network Bank.
1. 
Transfers from an Out-of-Network User through clearXchange.com:
For transfers from an Out-of-Network Bank Account to a Chase Account through
use of clearXChange.com, the transfer should typically be completed four to five
Business Days after the Business Day following acceptance, subject to the
processing times of the Out-of-Network Bank.
2. 
Transfers to or from the Zelle platforms:
For transfers between a Chase Account and an Out-of-Network Bank Account or a
Network Bank Account through use of the Zelle platform(s), the transfer should
typically be completed within minutes, subject to the processing times of the
financial institution holding the other account.
3. 
Sending Money Between Chase Accounts and Network Bank Accounts
To use the Service to send and receive money between a Chase Account and a Network
Bank Account, the parties must use at least one eligible Chase Account with us and at
least one Network Bank Account. The holder of an account with a Network Bank may
register with the person-to-person transfer service of the Network Bank holding their
account and will not be required to register through the Service. To send money from a
Chase Account, you may transfer funds up to (A) your available balance plus any
amount in your overdraft protection account, if applicable.
Transfers from a Chase Account to a Network Bank Account: You authorize us to charge
your designated Pay From Account with us for all transfers of funds that you initiate
through the Service, and you also agree to have sufficient funds in your Pay From
Account on the Send On date to cover each such transfer you schedule and any fees
that might be associated with such transfer until the transfer is Completed or Cancelled,
subject to Section 10(e). We will not be obligated to make any transfer you may request
unless there are sufficient available funds (including any available overdraft protection
account you may have) in your Pay From Account to cover the transfer on the Send On
date until the transfer is Completed or Cancelled.
If there are insufficient available funds to cover a transfer to a Network Bank Account on
3. 
the date of acceptance, the transfer request will fail and we will not make repeat
attempts to debit the applicable account.
Instructions for transfers to a Network Bank Account will be deducted from the Pay
From Account held by us once the recipient or the Network Bank accepts. Funds will
typically be available in the Network Bank Account when Chase sends a guarantee of
payment or a similar notice to the Network Bank, and depending on the Network Bank
and whether there are sufficient funds in your Chase Account, that may be within
minutes or within two Business Days following acceptance. Once your transfer has been
submitted and confirmed, we will provide you information on when the funds for each
transfer will become available.
Transfers from a Network Bank Account to a Chase Account: Transfers from Network
Bank Accounts to Chase Accounts are subject to the terms of the person-to-person
transfer service of the Network Bank and may be delayed or canceled as the Network
Bank may determine in its sole discretion.
Funds will be typically available when Chase receives a guarantee of payment or a
similar notice from the Network Bank sending the transfer, and depending on the
Network Bank, that may be within minutes or within three Business Days following
acceptance, subject to the processing times of the Network Bank. After acceptance, we
will provide you information on you when the funds for each transfer will become
available.
14. Transfer Limits
Transfers from your Chase Accounts may be made in any amounts from $1 up to the limits
shown below.  Limits are aggregate from all of your combined Chase accounts registered with
the Service.  All transfer limits are subject to temporary reductions to protect the security of
customer accounts and/or the transfer system.  Note that the amount of money you can
send a new recipient may be initially subject to lower limits; however, we may adjust
the transfer limit when you send subsequent payments to the same recipient.
Consumer Chase
Accounts
Chase Private Client or Chase
Private Banking Client Chase
Accounts
Business Chase
Accounts
Per
transaction $2,000 $5,000 $5,000
Per day $2,000 $5,000 $5,000
Per calendar
month $16,000 $40,000 $40,000
Your individual transfer limits may vary from the transfer limits shown above as determined
in our sole discretion based on your recipient, the transaction history for your recipient, and
your account tenure. Your transfer limits may be different from those of other Users
depending upon the foregoing criteria which we may change from time to time. We will
present your applicable limit for your recipient when using the Service if it varies from the
limits shown above. We reserve the right to change from time to time the dollar amount of
transfers you are permitted to make using Zelle without prior notice to you, unless otherwise
required by applicable law or regulation. At our discretion we may refuse to process any
transaction that exceeds your individual limits or to protect the security of your account
and/or the transfer system. In this case, you are responsible for making alternate
arrangements or rescheduling the payment or transfer.
Transfer limits, if any, applicable to a holder of Network Bank Accounts or Out-of-Network
Bank Accounts for transfers to Chase Accounts or in receiving transfers to their Network Bank
Accounts or Out-of-Network Bank Accounts are governed by the terms of the person-toperson transfer service of clearXchange, Zelle or the applicable Network Bank.
15. Repeating Transfers
Repeating transfers that are for the same fixed amount each month will be sent in
accordance with your Instructions and on the same calendar day of each period you
designate, or on the prior Business Day if the regular Send On date falls on a non-Business
Day. In order to authorize a Repeating transfer, you agree to have a printer or other means to
obtain a printed copy of your authorization for your records. If you do not have a printer, you
agree to continue to authorize a Repeating transfer on a transaction-by-transaction basis
until you have means of printing a copy of your authorization for your records.
If you desire to cancel a Repeating transfer, you may cancel your transaction online. If for any
reason you cannot access the Online Service, you may also call or write online customer
service at the phone number or address set forth in the paragraph entitled "Your Liability for
Unauthorized Transfers”.
16. Terms applicable to your use of Zelle platforms
The Zelle platforms, such as the standalone Zelle mobile app and zellepay.com site, are
additional platforms owned and controlled by Zelle. The Zelle platforms are not a part of the
Service and the Service is not available on the Zelle platforms. By using the Zelle platforms,
you will be required to agree to Zelle's terms and conditions. Chase hereby disclaims any and
all liabilities, representations and warranties with respect to the Zelle platforms. 
17. Zelle Fees
There is no service fee from us to use the Service. However, if we process a transfer in
accordance with your Instructions that overdraws your Chase Account with us, we may assess
a fee or charge interest for any such overdraft in accordance with the terms of your Deposit
Account Agreement. We will not be liable for failure to pay any transfer request unless it is
drawn against available funds credited to the designated Pay From Account. You will be
responsible for paying any telephone company or utility charges and/or Internet access
service fees incurred while using telephone lines and/or Internet access services to connect
with the Service. Fees are subject to change from time to time upon notice to you as may be
required by law.
The following additional terms apply whenever you use the Service to send transfers from a
consumer deposit account. A consumer account is one that is used primarily for personal,
family or household purposes; all other accounts are business accounts. You should use
your consumer account to send or receive payments for personal, family, or household
purposes, and you should use your business account to send or receive payments for
business purposes. If you perform transactions from business accounts registered through
the Service, please refer to the paragraphs beginning with "ADDITIONAL TERMS APPLICABLE
ONLY TO TRANSFER SERVICES FOR BUSINESS ACCOUNTS" for additional terms applicable to
business transactions. Network Bank Accounts are subject to the terms of the agreement of
the Network Bank.
18. Your Liability for Unauthorized Transfers
If you permit other persons to use the Service or your Password, you are responsible for any
transactions they authorize from your accounts. If you believe that your Password has
been lost or stolen or that someone has transferred or may transfer money from your
account without your permission, notify us AT ONCE, by calling 1-877-242-7372 (J.P.
Morgan Online clients only call 1-866-265-1727) or writing us at Online Customer
Service, P. O. Box 2558, Houston, TX 77252-9968.
For Consumer Deposit Accounts and Chase Liquid Cards Only: Tell us AT ONCE if you believe
your Password has been lost or stolen or that an unauthorized online transfer has been
made from any of your deposit accounts or Chase Liquid Cards. Telephoning us is the best
and fastest way of keeping your possible losses to a minimum. If you do not do so, you could
lose all the money in each of the accounts, as well as all of the available funds in any
overdraft protection account or any other credit line included among your accounts. If you
tell us within two (2) Business Days after you discover the loss or theft, you are completely
covered if someone makes a transfer without your authorization.
If you do not tell us within two (2) Business Days after you discover the loss or theft of your
Password or that an unauthorized online transfer has been made from any of your deposit
accounts or Chase Liquid Cards, and we can prove we could have stopped someone from
making a transfer without your authorization if you had told us, you could lose as much as
$500. Furthermore, if any account statement shows online transfers that you did not make,
tell us AT ONCE. If you do not tell us within sixty (60) days for a transfer from a Chase Account
after a Chase statement showing such a transfer was transmitted, you may not get back any
money you lost after the sixty (60) days if we can prove that we could have stopped someone
from taking the money if you had told us in time.
If a good reason, such as a long trip or hospital stay, kept you from telling us, we will extend
the time periods.  
19. Our Liability for Failure to Complete Transfers: For
Consumer Deposit Accounts and Chase Liquid Cards Only
If we do not complete a transfer you send from your consumer deposit account or a Chase
Liquid Card in the correct amount or according to our agreement with you, we will be liable
for those damages as the law imposes in such cases. However, there are some exceptions.
We will not be liable, for example:
(A) If, through no fault of ours, your account does not contain sufficient funds to make
the transfer and the transfer would exceed any credit line or any overdraft for such
account.
•
(B) The Service, your operating system or software was not functioning properly at the
time you attempted to initiate such transfer and it was evident to you at the time you
began the transfer.
•
(C) Circumstances beyond our control, such as fires, floods, acts of God, power outages
and the like.
•
(D) If you have not provided us with complete and correct transfer information,
including without limitation the financial institution name and account number (if
applicable) for your Pay To and Pay From Accounts registered with Zelle, the email
address or mobile phone number of the recipient for transfers you send and transfer
amount for a transfer.
•
(E) If the intended recipient of a transfer is not registered with the Service or the personto-person transfer service of clearXchange, Zelle or a Network Bank.•
The list of examples set out in this paragraph is meant to illustrate circumstances under
which we would not be liable for failing to make a transfer and is not intended to list all of the
circumstances where we would not be liable.  
20. Errors and Questions about Service: For Transfers
From Consumer Deposit Accounts and Chase Liquid Cards
Only
If you think your statement is wrong, or if you need more information about a transaction
listed on it, call or write us at the telephone number or address at the end of this Agreement.
We must hear from you NO LATER than 60 days after we sent you the FIRST statement on
which the error appeared. Please provide us with the following:
• Your name and account number;
A description of the error or the transaction you are unsure about, and why you think it
is an error or want more information; and
•
• The amount of the suspected error.
We will determine whether an error occurred within 10 business days after we hear from you
and will correct any error promptly. However, if we need more time, we may take up to 45
days to investigate your complaint or question. If we do this, we will credit your balance
within 10 business days for the amount you think is in error, so that you will have the use of
the money during the time it takes us to complete our investigation. If you opened your
account less than 30 days before the date of the suspected error, the 10-business-day period
is extended to 20 business days. If you opened your account less than 30 days before the
date of the suspected error or the transaction occurred at a point-of- sale location or outside
the U.S., the 45-day period is extended to 90 days.
If you call us, we may require that you send us your complaint or question in writing within 10
business days. If we do not receive it within 10 business days, we may not credit your
balance.
We will tell you the results within three business days after completing our investigation. If we
decide that there was no error, we will send you a written explanation. You may ask for
copies of the documents that we used in our investigation.
21. No Purchase Protection
Neither we nor Zelle offer purchase protection for the purchase of goods and/or services
(e.g., coverage for non-receipt, damage, or "not as described" claims related to the purchase
of such goods and/or services). The Service is not intended for the purchase of goods from
retailers, merchants, or the like.
22. ADDITIONAL TERMS APPLICABLE ONLY TO THE Service
FOR BUSINESS ACCOUNTS
Zelle Liability for Unauthorized Transfers for Chase Business Deposit
Accounts Only
You are responsible for all transfers that are authorized using your Password to access the
Zelle Service. If you permit other persons to use the Service or your Password, you are
responsible for any transactions they authorize. NOTE: ACCOUNT ACCESS THROUGH THE
ZELLE SERVICE IS SEPARATE AND DISTINCT FROM YOUR EXISTING SIGNATURE
ARRANGEMENTS FOR YOUR ACCOUNTS. THEREFORE, WHEN YOU GIVE AN INDIVIDUAL THE
AUTHORITY TO ACCESS ACCOUNTS THROUGH THE ZELLE SERVICE, THAT INDIVIDUAL MAY
HAVE ACCESS TO ONE OR MORE ACCOUNTS TO WHICH THAT INDIVIDUAL WOULD NOT
OTHERWISE HAVE SIGNATURE ACCESS. YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE RISK FOR THE
FRAUDULENT, UNAUTHORIZED OR OTHERWISE IMPROPER USE OF YOUR PASSWORD. WE
SHALL BE ENTITLED TO RELY ON THE GENUINENESS AND AUTHORITY OF ALL INSTRUCTIONS
RECEIVED BY US WHEN ACCOMPANIED BY SUCH PASSWORD, AND TO ACT ON SUCH
INSTRUCTIONS.
We shall have no liability to you for any errors or losses you sustain in using the Service
except where we fail to exercise ordinary care in processing any transaction. We shall also not
be liable for any failure to provide any service if the account(s) involved is no longer linked for
the Service. Our liability in any case shall be limited to the amount of any funds improperly
transferred from your Pay From Account less any amount, which, even with the exercise of
ordinary care, would have been lost.
Without regard to care or lack of care of either you or us, a failure to report to us any
unauthorized transfer or error from any of your Chase Accounts within thirty (30) days of our
providing or making available to you a bank statement showing such unauthorized transfer
or error shall relieve us of any liability for any losses sustained after the expiration of such
thirty-day period and you shall thereafter be precluded from asserting any such claim or
error.
Errors and Questions about Services for Chase Business Deposit Accounts
Only
For business accounts, our practice is to follow the procedures described above entitled
“Errors and Questions about Service: For Transfers From Consumer Deposit Accounts and
Chase Liquid Cards Only”, but we are not legally required to do so.  
Miscellaneous Terms for Business Accounts
You may not send or receive payments to or from a Zelle mobile app user who is registered
with a debit card. Further, you should use your business account to send or receive payments
for business purposes, and you should use your consumer account to send or receive
payments for personal, family, or household purposes.
23. ADDITIONAL TERMS APPLICABLE TO ALL USERS OF THE
SERVICE
Computer Equipment; Browser Access and Internet Services
You are responsible for obtaining, installing, maintaining and operating all software,
hardware or other equipment (collectively, "System") necessary for you to access and use the
Service. This responsibility includes, without limitation, your utilizing up to date web-browsers
and the best commercially available encryption, antivirus, anti-spyware, and internet security
software. You are additionally responsible for obtaining Internet services via the Internet
service provider of your choice, for any and all fees imposed by such Internet service provider
and any associated communications service provider charges. You acknowledge that there
are security, corruption, transmission error, and access availability risks associated with using
open networks such as the Internet and you hereby expressly assume such risks, including,
but not limited to those we may disclose in our educational materials. You acknowledge that
you are responsible for the data security of the Systems used to access the Service, and for
the transmission and receipt of information using such Systems. You acknowledge that you
are using Service for your convenience, have made your own independent assessment of the
adequacy of the Internet and Systems and that you are satisfied with that assessment. We
are not responsible for any errors or problems that arise from the malfunction or failure of
the Internet or your Systems nor are we responsible for notifying you of any upgrades, fixes,
or enhancements to, or for providing technical or other support for your Systems. Although
we may provide a link to a third party site where you may download software, we make no
endorsement or warranty of any specific software, hardware or Internet Service Provider and
your use of any such software, hardware or service may also be subject to the license or
other agreements of that provider, in addition to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Passwords
We may at our option change the parameters for the password used to access and use the
Service ("Password") without prior notice to you, and if we do so, you will be required to
change your password the next time you access the Service. To prevent unauthorized access
to your accounts and to prevent unauthorized use of the Service, you agree to protect and
keep confidential your card number, account number, PIN, User ID, Password, or other
means of accessing your accounts via the Service. The loss, theft, or unauthorized use of your
card numbers, account numbers, PINs, User IDs, and Passwords could cause you to lose
some or all of the money in your accounts, plus any amount available under your overdraft
protection credit line. It could also permit unauthorized persons to gain access to your
sensitive personal and account information and to use that information for fraudulent
purposes, including identity theft. If you disclose your card numbers, account numbers, PINs,
User IDs, and/or Passwords to any person(s) or entity, you assume all risks and losses
associated with such disclosure. If you permit any other person(s) or entity to use the Service
or to access or use your card numbers, account numbers, PINs, User IDs, Passwords, or other
means to access your accounts, you are responsible for any transactions and activities
performed from your accounts and for any use of your personal and account information by
such person(s) or entity. If you believe someone may attempt to use or has used the Service
without your permission, or that any other unauthorized use or security breach has occurred,
you agree to immediately notify us at 1-877-242-7372 (J.P. Morgan Online clients only call
1-866-265-1727).
Notices
You agree that by using the Service, all notices or other communications which we may be
required to give you arising from our obligations under this Agreement or the Service may be
sent to you by any or all of the following sources, at our option:
• Through electronic notice given to any electronic mailbox we have for you, 
• Any other electronic mail address or telephone number you provide to us,
• The current address we have on file for you, or 
In any other manner permitted by law including, but not limited to, posting it on our
website.
•
New Features
We may, from time to time, introduce new features to the Service or modify or delete existing
features in our sole discretion. We shall notify you of any of these changes to features if we
are legally required to do so. By using any new or modified features when they become
available, you agree to be bound by the rules and terms concerning these features.  
Limitation of Liability; No Warranties
Neither we nor Zelle shall be liable for any typos or keystroke errors that you may make when
using the Service.
YOU AGREE THAT YOU, NOT WE OR ZELLE, ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR RESOLVING ANY PAYMENT
OR OTHER DISPUTES THAT YOU HAVE WITH ANY OTHER USER WITH WHOM YOU SEND
MONEY TO, OR RECEIVE OR REQUEST MONEY FROM, USING THE SERVICE.
EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY SET FORTH HEREIN OR WHERE THE LAW REQUIRES A DIFFERENT
STANDARD, WE, ZELLE, NETWORK BANKS AND OUR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS,
AGENTS AND EMPLOYEES ARE NOT AND SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY LOSS,
DAMAGE OR INJURY OR FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, ARISING FROM OR RELATED
TO THE SYSTEM, EQUIPMENT, BROWSER AND/OR THE INSTALLATION OR MAINTENENACE
THEREOF, ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE SERVICE, FAILURE OF ELECTRONIC OR MECHANICAL
EQUIPMENT, THE INTERNET, THE SYSTEM, OR COMMUNICATION LINES, TELEPHONE OR
OTHER INTERCONNECT PROBLEMS, BUGS, ERRORS, CONFIGURATION PROBLEMS OR
INCOMPATIBILITY OF COMPUTER HARDWARE, SOFTWARE, THE INTERNET, OR THE
SYSTEM, FAILURE OR UNAVAILABILITY OF INTERNET ACCESS, PROBLEMS WITH INTERNET
SERVICE PROVIDERS, PROBLEMS OR DELAYS WITH INTERMEDIATE COMPUTER OR
COMMUNICATIONS NETWORKS OR FACILITIES, PROBLEMS WITH DATA TRANSMISSION
FACILITIES OR ANY OTHER PROBLEMS YOU EXPERIENCE DUE TO CAUSES BEYOND OUR
CONTROL. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN ANY APPLICABLE
AGREEMENT, YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT
YOUR SOLE RISK AND THAT THE SERVICE AND ALL INFORMATION, PRODUCTS AND
OTHER CONTENT (INCLUDING THIRD PARTY INFORMATION, PRODUCTS AND CONTENT)
INCLUDED IN OR ACCESSIBLE FROM THE SITES, ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" "WHERE-IS"
AND "WHERE AVAILABLE" BASIS, AND ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE AT ANY TIME WITHOUT
NOTICE TO YOU. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT WE AND ZELLE MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT
THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, INVULNERABLE TO CYBER ATTACK,
SECURE OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED UNLESS OTHERWISE
STATED ON THE SITE OR IN ANY APPLICABLE AGREEMENT. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT
PERMITTED BY LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND (EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON- INFRINGEMENT OF PROPRIETARY RIGHTS) AS
TO THE SERVICE AND ALL INFORMATION, PRODUCTS AND OTHER CONTENT (INCLUDING
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION, PRODUCTS AND CONTENT) INCLUDED IN OR ACCESSIBLE
FROM THE SITES. NO LICENSE TO YOU IS IMPLIED IN THESE DISCLAIMERS.
Other Agreements
In addition to this Agreement, you agree to be bound by and comply with such other written
requirements as we may furnish to you in connection with either the Service or products
which may be accessed via the Service, including, but not limited to, any account agreements
that apply to your Chase Account or, and with all applicable State and Federal laws and
regulations. In the event of a conflict between the terms of this Agreement and any applicable
Chase account agreements with us, the terms of this Agreement will control except as may be
otherwise stated herein.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend this Agreement, or terminate, suspend or limit your access
privileges to or use of the Service (including but not limited to, use of clearXchange.com), in
whole or part, at any time for any reason without prior notice, including for reasons involving
your use of the Service which we may deem to be illegal or potentially brand damaging, and
when you no longer have an eligible Chase Account. The obligations and liabilities of the
parties incurred prior to the termination date shall survive the termination of this Agreement
for all purposes. If your Chase Account is not in good standing, that account will not be
eligible to be used in Zelle transactions. We may determine other eligibility criteria in our sole
discretion. We also reserve the right to terminate or suspend our participation in the
clearXchange or Zelle network or with a particular financial institution at any time.
Disputes
In the event of a dispute arising under or relating in any way to this Agreement or to the
Service provided under this Agreement, you and we agree to resolve this dispute by looking
to the terms of this Agreement. If there is a conflict between what one of our employees says
and the terms of this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall control.
Binding Arbitration
YOU HEREBY AGREE THAT ANY DISPUTE, CLAIM OR CONTROVERSY ARISING NOW OR IN
THE FUTURE UNDER OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THIS AGREEMENT, OR TO THE SERVICE
("CLAIM"), REGARDLESS OF THE NATURE OF THE CAUSE(S) OF ACTION ASSERTED
(INCLUDING CLAIMS FOR INJUNCTIVE, DECLARATORY, OR EQUITABLE RELIEF), SHALL BE
RESOLVED BY BINDING ARBITRATION. CLAIMS SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION INCLUDE
CLAIMS THAT ARE MADE AS COUNTERCLAIMS, CROSS CLAIMS, THIRD PARTY CLAIMS,
INTERPLEADERS, OR OTHERWISE. ARBITRATION REPLACES THE RIGHT TO GO TO COURT,
AND YOU THEREFORE AGREE TO WAIVE ANY RIGHT THAT YOU OR WE MIGHT OTHERWISE
HAVE HAD TO A JURY TRIAL OR THE OPPORTUNITY TO LITIGATE ANY CLAIMS IN COURT
BEFORE EITHER A JUDGE OR JURY. YOU FURTHER AGREE THAT YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO
BRING A CLASS ACTION OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVE ACTION (SUCH AS AN ACTION IN
THE FORM OF A PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL) TO LITIGATE ANY CLAIMS IN COURT
BEFORE EITHER A JUDGE OR JURY; NOR WILL YOU BE ABLE TO PARTICIPATE AS A CLASS
MEMBER IN A CLASS ACTION OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVE ACTION TO LITIGATE ANY
CLAIMS IN COURT BEFORE EITHER A JUDGE OR JURY. FURTHER, CLAIMS IN ARBITRATION
SHALL PROCEED ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS ONLY AND YOU AGREE THAT YOU WILL NOT
BE ABLE TO PROCEED ON ANY CLAIM IN ARBITRATION AS A CLASS CLAIM OR CLASS
ACTION OR OTHER COMPARABLE REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING OR SEEK ANY AWARD
OR REMEDY IN ARBITRATION AGAINST OR ON BEHALF OF ANYONE WHO IS NOT A
NAMED PARTY TO THE ARBITRATION.  IF THE TERMS RELATING TO CLASS OR
REPRESENTATIVE PROCEDURES ARE LEGALLY UNENFORCEABLE FOR ANY REASON WITH
RESPECT TO A CLAIM, THEN THIS AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE WILL BE INAPPLICABLE TO
THAT CLAIM, AND THE CLAIM WILL INSTEAD BE HANDLED THROUGH LITIGATION IN
COURT RATHER THAN BY ARBITRATION.
This binding arbitration provision applies to any and all Claims that you have against us, our
parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, licensees, predecessors, successors, assigns, and against all of
their respective employees, agents, or assigns, or that we have against you; it also includes
any and all Claims regarding the applicability of this arbitration clause or the validity of the
Agreement, in whole or in part. It is made pursuant to a transaction involving interstate
commerce, and shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. sections 1-16, as it
may be amended. You acknowledge and agree that for any claims or disputes you assert
against Zelle® and Early Warning Services, LLC, Zelle® and EarlyWarning Services, LLC are
entitled to enforce this arbitration provision against you.
The party filing a Claim(s) in arbitration must file its Claim(s) before the American Arbitration
Association under the rules of such arbitration administrator in effect at the time the Claim(s)
was filed. Rules and forms may be obtained from, and Claims made may be filed with JAMS
(800.352.5267 or jamsadr.com) or the American Arbitration Association (800-778-7879 or
www.adr.org). Arbitration hearings shall be held at a place within the federal judicial district
that includes your address at the time the Claim(s) is filed, or at some other place to which
you and we agree in writing. Judgment upon any arbitration award may be entered in any
court having jurisdiction.
This Arbitration Agreement shall survive: (i) termination or changes in the Agreement, and the
relationship between you and us concerning the Agreement; and (ii) the bankruptcy of any
party or any similar proceeding initiated by you or on your behalf. If any portion of this
Arbitration provision is deemed invalid or unenforceable, the remaining portions shall
nevertheless remain in force.  
Indemnity
You acknowledge and agree that you are personally responsible for your conduct while using
the Service and agree to indemnify and hold us, Zelle and our respective officers, directors,
employees and agents harmless from and against any loss, damage, liability, cost or expense
of any kind (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys' fees) that we or they may
incur in connection with a third party claim or otherwise, in relation to your use of the Service
or the use of the Service by anyone using your card number, account number, PIN, User ID or
Password or your violation of this Agreement or the rights of any third party (including, but
not limited to, privacy rights). Your obligations under this paragraph shall survive termination
of this Agreement.  
Records; Communications
Our records, kept in the regular course of business, shall be presumed to accurately reflect
the contents of your instructions to us and, in the absence of manifest error, will be binding
and conclusive.
Unless otherwise prohibited by law, any communication or material you transmit to us via the
Service or electronic mail is on a non-confidential basis and we may use such communication
or material for any purpose consistent with our Online Privacy Policy, and where appropriate,
our U.S. Consumer Privacy Notice, as amended from time to time, including reproduction,
publication, broadcast and posting.
When you give us your mobile phone number, we have your permission to contact you at
that number about all your Chase or J.P. Morgan accounts. Your consent allows us to use text
messaging, artificial or prerecorded voice messages and automatic dialing technology for
informational and account service calls, but not for telemarketing or sales calls. It may include
contact from companies working on our behalf to service your accounts. Message and data
rates may apply. You may contact us anytime to change these preferences.  
Special Provisions for Business Customers
Any User ID or Password we provide to you is provided to you in your capacity as a
representative of the business entity registered with the Service only, and may not be
retained by you after any termination of your relationship with such business entity. You
agree to inform us immediately if a person with access to a Password leaves the employ of
the entity to which that Password has been assigned.  
Choice of Law/Successors; Waiver; Severability
This Agreement and its enforcement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York,
without regard to any choice of law provision, and shall inure to the benefit of our successors
and assigns, whether by merger, consolidation, or otherwise. The account(s), products and
services accessed via the Service shall be governed by laws of the applicable account
agreements.
We will not be deemed to have waived any of our rights or remedies under this Agreement
unless such waiver is in writing and signed by us. No delay or omission on our part in
exercising any rights or remedies shall operate as a waiver of such rights or remedies or any
other rights or remedies. A waiver on any one occasion shall not be construed as a bar or
waiver of any rights or remedies on future occasions.
If any provision of this Agreement conflicts with the law under which this Agreement is to be
construed or if any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable by a court of
competent jurisdiction, that provision will be deemed to be restated to reflect as nearly as
possible the original intentions of the parties in accordance with applicable law. The
remaining provisions of this Agreement and the application of the challenged provision to
persons or circumstances other than those as to which it is invalid or unenforceable will not
be affected thereby, and each of those provisions will be valid and enforceable to the full
extent permitted by law.  
Chase Account Information
Any Chase Account information provided to you as part of the Service is not the official record
of your Chase Account or its activity. Your Chase Account statement, furnished to you by us
for Chase Accounts in a paper format, or electronically if you are enrolled in paperless
statements service, will remain the official record. The Service information is generally
updated regularly, but is subject to adjustment and correction and therefore should not be
relied upon by you for taking, or forbearing to take, any action.  
Privacy Policy and Notice
Please click and read the Privacy Policy and Notice carefully and consider printing a copy for
your records. This Privacy Policy and Notice explains what Chase does to keep information
about you private and secure. We want you to know how we manage that information to
serve you and that you have choices about how it is shared. This Privacy Policy and Notice
covers our family of companies, a partial list of which is contained at the end of the Notice.  
